# 2482. Difference Between Ones and Zeros in Row and Column

## Description
You are given a 0-indexed m x n binary matrix grid.

A 0-indexed m x n difference matrix diff is created with the following procedure:

    Let the number of ones in the ith row be onesRowi.
    Let the number of ones in the jth column be onesColj.
    Let the number of zeros in the ith row be zerosRowi.
    Let the number of zeros in the jth column be zerosColj.
    diff[i][j] = onesRowi + onesColj - zerosRowi - zerosColj

Return the difference matrix diff.

Example 1:

**grid** 
| | | |
|-|-|-|
|0|1|1|
|1|0|1|
|0|0|1|

**diff**
| | | |
|-|-|-|
|0|0|4|
|0|0|4|
|-2|-2|2|


Input: grid = [[0,1,1],[1,0,1],[0,0,1]]

Output: [[0,0,4],[0,0,4],[-2,-2,2]]

Explanation:
- diff[0][0] = onesRow0 + onesCol0 - zerosRow0 - zerosCol0 = 2 + 1 - 1 - 2 = 0 
- diff[0][1] = onesRow0 + onesCol1 - zerosRow0 - zerosCol1 = 2 + 1 - 1 - 2 = 0 
- diff[0][2] = onesRow0 + onesCol2 - zerosRow0 - zerosCol2 = 2 + 3 - 1 - 0 = 4 
- diff[1][0] = onesRow1 + onesCol0 - zerosRow1 - zerosCol0 = 2 + 1 - 1 - 2 = 0 
- diff[1][1] = onesRow1 + onesCol1 - zerosRow1 - zerosCol1 = 2 + 1 - 1 - 2 = 0 
- diff[1][2] = onesRow1 + onesCol2 - zerosRow1 - zerosCol2 = 2 + 3 - 1 - 0 = 4 
- diff[2][0] = onesRow2 + onesCol0 - zerosRow2 - zerosCol0 = 1 + 1 - 2 - 2 = -2
- diff[2][1] = onesRow2 + onesCol1 - zerosRow2 - zerosCol1 = 1 + 1 - 2 - 2 = -2
- diff[2][2] = onesRow2 + onesCol2 - zerosRow2 - zerosCol2 = 1 + 3 - 2 - 0 = 2



## Problem Solving
Given an array **grid** with **m*n** size and then we need to calculate the difference between 1 and 0 for each rows &  columns.

The idea is we need to store sum of 0, 1, for each rows and columns. So we need to iterate for all grid array from index [0][0] to [m-1][n-1].
First we need to set some variables to store the value of 0/1 for each column & row. We can store it in a **m** sized array for each rows, so we will need two arrays with **m** size for the rows (we need for both 0 and 1), and we need two arrays with **n** size for the column as well. For Java, the default value will be 0 for all integer type array. Let's name those array variables as **rowsZero**, **rowsOne**, **colsZero**, and **colsOne**.

If the value of grid[i][j] equals to 0 then we need to increment the value of rowsZero[i], and colsZero[j]. Otherwise, if the value equals to 1 then we will store the value in rowsOne[i] and colsOne[j].

After we got the number of 0/1 for each row/column, then we need to count the number difference between 0/1 for each row-column pair in an array called **diff**. This array will store the difference of 1/0 in each position.

Quite straightforward, we only need to iterate for **m*n** times for each array diff element and calculate the difference with this formula

    diff[i][j] = rowsOne[i]+colsOne[j]-rowsZero[i]-colsZero[j];